Yesterday, coincidentally, a Spanish newspaper
called El Mundo, right?  It's a
Spanish newspaper with national circulation, and
also on paper, on a physical level,
right?  It's not just an
online publication, but it's a
publication that's been around for a long
time, and obviously it's been around for a long
time, too, right?  It is one
of the most famous newspapers in Spain.
Well, yesterday a reporter wrote an
article against Frank Cueston.
We'll read it now, but come on, I have to
tell you that a lot of the information
in that article is mine, right?
Obviously yesterday when I saw the article,
I was certainly a little angry.  Clear.
Why did you get angry?  Look, I wasn't
angry.  Why did you get angry?  If it was the
truth.  They told the truth, but it's
true that I said, damn, not a bit of
credit, right?  To work.  I've been here
dumping a lot of [ __ ] on myself and a
lot of hate.  And now suddenly they
come here when the waters are already calm,
let's say when the ship is already sinking
in a certain way and now suddenly
people come out to say that Fran, the ship is
sinking, the ship sinking and the
numbers that are in negative is because
Fran first uploads the controversial videos
, leaves them for a day or a day and a half and
then deletes them because he
only wants animals on his channel.  Okay, look, the
ship is sinking.  You can now make a video
of Franesta eating a capybara.  The
ship is not sinking.  I gave exactly this
information that they are giving in this
headline.  I don't know if you're familiar with the fact that
I have some emails from certain people
in Thailand, from certain... Of course, the
journalist, this has stated what
you have said, that the journalist
has not verified anything.  So, the
fight is for the truth or it is not for the
truth the fight